# 1. Office Hours

Office Hours are a chance to connect directly with a member of the Tokamak's Ecosystem Support team for support other than funding, including support with the process of submitting a grant application.

Office Hours might be a good fit if you:

- Need non-financial support such as guidance or help identifying resources.
- Are considering applying for a grant and have questions or want to get feedback before submitting.
- Aren't sure whether your project fits within our scope and want to find out what kind of support might be available to you.

An office hours session is **not** an application for a grant or other formal support, or a chance to pitch your project. The purpose of these sessions is for us to provide answers or guidance so you can take your next steps with greater confidence - so focus on letting us know what you need, and giving us whatever context will help us understand your goals and challenges.

## **Process**

1. Request : Submit the form through email on the next page to request an office hours appointment. We may contact you for clarification if your request appears to be out of scope.
2. Schedule : If it seems like a fit, we'll get in touch to set up a time, then send you a calendar invite with a call link.
3. Prepare : The more specific you are about what you need, the better we'll be able to help you! Read through the section below to make sure you understand what we can and can't do in these sessions.
4. Meet : You'll have an informal 20-minute video call with a member of the Tokamak team.

## **Eligibility**

Our criteria for office hours are a bit more flexible than our requirements for grant funding. However, the projects we engage with during office hours should still fit within our general **scope**, and be beneficial to Ethereum in a way that aligns with the Tokamak Network's vision and philosophy.

We are happy to hear from all kinds of contributors:

- Individuals, teams or organizations.
- Established projects, newcomers to Tokamak Network, past grantees or applicants.
- Projects at any point in the development process: just an idea, early stages, proof of concept, or with significant progress already made.
- Builders of any age, origin, identity or background.

## **What we offer**

Office hours sessions are short informal calls with a member of the Tokamak team. Some common call topics include:

**Guidance on submitting a grant application**

- If you're thinking about submitting a grant application, but feeling uncertain - whether about your eligibility, our evaluation criteria or anything else - reach out to us before submitting! The application process takes time (yours and ours) and we would rather get your questions answered before you start so the process goes as smoothly as possible.

**Project feedback or guidance**

- Whether you have a long-term goal of applying for a grant or just want to maximize your impact, we may be able to offer guidance such as idea validation, help thinking through a roadmap, or suggestions for how to refine your approach.

**Help navigating the Tokamak Network ecosystem**

- Yes! We'll send you a call invitation, and you're welcome to add people from your team; but we recommend no more than 4 since time is limited.We like to think we know the Tokamak Network ecosystem pretty well. If you're feeling lost, we may be able to help point you in the right direction by identifying resources you might not be aware of, other projects tackling similar problems, communities and events to consider participating in, or even other potential sources of funding.

## **What we DON'T offer**

- Financial or legal advice.
- Advice on creating, structuring, launching, selling, or doing pretty much anything else with a token.
- Help with transactions, wallets or exchanges.

### **Before submitting**

Please check out these resources for answers to common inquiries:

- For information about Tokamak Network including staking and developer resources: [**click here**](https://tokamak.network/#/).
- If you're interested in working at the Tokamak Network. : [**click here**](https://medium.com/tokamak-network/job-openings-blockchain-tech-61b43f0997af).

## FAQ

**Can I bring others to the call?**

- Yes! We'll send you a call invitation, and you're welcome to add people from your team; but we recommend no more than 4 since time is limited.

**How long will the call be?**

- The scheduled call will be 20 minutes long.

**How should I prepare?**

- Be as specific as possible about what you hope the Tokamak team can help you with, and write down questions or challenges that you'd like to address. Don't plan on giving a presentation about your project - rather, use the submission form to introduce your project and give us any relevant context in advance so we can make the best use of the time.

## Office Hour Application

### You may use [this link](https://forms.gle/G3EVccXTPE22QNgY8) to submit application