# About(EN)

## WHAT WE SUPPORT

### Our Scope

Tokamak Grant focuses on strengthening Tokamak Network's foundations and enabling future builders: improving infrastructure, expanding the range of tools available to those building on Tokamak Network, deepening our understanding of cryptographic primitives, and growing the builder ecosystem through education and community development. The work we support is open source, non-commercial and built for positive sum outcomes.

Tokamak support is generally directed toward enabling builders rather than end-users: strengthening Tokamak Network's infrastructure, expanding the range of tools available to those building on Tokamak Network, gaining a deeper understanding of cryptographic primitives, and growing the builder ecosystem through education and community development.

## WHO WE SUPPORT

**Supporting builders**

Tokamak Grant funding is generally directed toward supporting builders rather than directly impacting end users. We don't often fund dapps or front-end platforms, although this is not a hard rule and there are exceptions - for example, where an application serves as a research or educational tool, or a reference implementation of a new standard.

Our grantees come from all over the world and represent many different backgrounds, disciplines and levels of experience. We have supported individuals and teams of all kinds - companies, DAOs, nonprofits, institutions, academics, developers, educators, community organizers and more.

## HOW WE SUPPORT

### **Grants**

When we say "grants", we're referring to direct funding awarded following a formal application, review, and a decision made by the GranTON team with input from technical advisors.

Grants are not donations, nor do we expect financial return. We give grants to support recipients in building things that are vital to Tokamak Network's success without the need to commercialize their work, so that these resources remain free and open to all.

### **Grant types**

There are several different ways we go about awarding funds:

- **Small grants**, capped at $5,000, are aimed at projects that are smaller in scope, more experimental, in early stages or have a shorter timeline.
- **Project Grants** undergo a more intensive process of review and feedback, with no hard limit on the size of the request. Larger grants often evolve significantly from the initial application, in collaboration with the Tokamak Grant team. Project Grants are targeted toward projects with multiple phases or components, longer timelines, more complex needs and greater financial or operational overhead.
- **Event sponsorships:** we accept sponsorship requests for events focused on Tokamak Network's technology and community through our small grants program.

### **Other Support**

The “support” in GranTON can mean many different things. Although grants are narrowly defined, with some specific qualifying criteria and standardized processes, the other work we do is less clear-cut. GranTON has many valuable resources: visibility; access to a massive collective knowledge base; a creative and dedicated team; connections to leading developers, researchers and community members. Our goal is to deploy these resources as impactfully as we can. [Virtual Coffee Time](https://www.notion.so/c36031013fb044c2b70a321c0aaf3502?pvs=21) are our primary channel for delivering a variety of non-financial support.

### **Examples of non-financial support**

Some of the most common forms of support we've provided in the past include:

- Feedback and guidance.
- Facilitating collaborations with other teams and individuals.
- Connections with mentors, advisors or others working in the same topic area.
- Information about events (hackathons, conferences, etc.) to meet the community, showcase work, and get feedback.
- Introductions to community members in the same geographical area.
- Platform access.
- Identifying other resources or funding opportunities.

This is not an exhaustive list - we are open to new ideas and take an individualized approach to every project we work with.